add initial yeth docs (#330)
yearn/yearn-devdocs: docs/getting-started/products/yeth/overview.md

| st-yETH                     |                                     |
| Management                  |                                     |
| Guardian                    |                                     |
| Whitelister                 |                                     |
| Treasury                    |     ychad.eth                       |
| Rate Providers              |                                     |

## Management Role

Trusted addresses with privileged access for limited operations. Should eventually be replaced by a smart contract:

- Can start a gradual weight change, as long as no weight change is active yet.
- Can whitelist a new asset, which sets an initial weight, sets the rate provider, and requires an initial deposit. New assets can only be whitelisted if no weight change has been scheduled yet.
- Can update the rate provider for every whitelisted asset.
- Can update the staking contract.
- Can set the pool swap fee.
- Can set the tolerance range.
- Can set the new management address.
- Can set the new guardian and whitelister addresses.
- Can trigger [`pause mode`](pause-mode).
- Can trigger [`killed mode`](killed-mode).

#### Pause mode

> > This mode is to be enabled in the event of extreme market conditions or suspicious LST minting behavior or oracle activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This mode is to be activated in the event of extreme market conditions or detected suspicious behavior, either in the protocol itself or in the underlying LST tokens that back it.
```

- No user may deposit assets into the contract.
- Users may only withdraw assets in a balanced manner.
- Management or guardian can undo pause mode to resume normal operation.

#### Killed mode

> > This mode is to be activated in the event of a LST depegs, such as a mint bug or a compromised oracle or a critical bug in the protocol. This can also be used as part of upgrading to a new version of yETH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This mode is to be activated in the event of critical failures, whether in the protocol itself or in any of the underlying LST tokens that back it. This can also be used as part of migrating to a new version of the yETH protocol.
```

# Overview

**yETH**

yETH is a user-governed liquidity pool token consisting of various Ethereum Liquid Staking Derivatives (LSDs). yETH represents one-to-one [beacon chain ETH](https://ethereum.org/en/upgrades/beacon-chain/) (a.k.a. "ETH staked").

> yETH does not accrue any yield, it all goes to st-yETH, which makes yETH a good token to use in a stableswaps like Curve. In order to mint yETH users must provide liquidity for all LSDs currently in the yETH pool, or trade in the yETH<->ETH Curve pool.

Reviewer: > yETH does not accrue any yield, it all goes to st-yETH, which makes yETH a good token to use in a stableswaps like Curve. In order to mint yETH users must provide liquidity for all LSDs currently in the yETH pool, or trade in the yETH<->ETH Curve pool.

yETH does not accrue any yield, it all goes to Staked yETH (st-yETH) holders, which makes yETH a good token to LP in stableswap pools like those on Curve. To acquire yETH, users can mint yETH by depositing LSTs, or swap against the yETH/ETH Curve pool.

Author: ```suggestion
yETH does not accrue any yield, it all goes to Staked yETH (st-yETH) holders, which makes yETH a good token to LP in stableswap pools like those on Curve. To acquire yETH, users can mint yETH by depositing LSTs, or swap against the yETH/ETH Curve pool.
```

**Staked yETH (st-yETH)**

> Users can deposit yETH to mint st-yETH, and can burn st-yETH to receive yETH back from the staking contract. Stakers receive all yield and slashings from beacon chain (Ethereum proof-of-stake validators).

Reviewer: > Users can deposit yETH to mint st-yETH, and can burn st-yETH to receive yETH back from the staking contract. Stakers receive all yield and slashings from beacon chain (Ethereum proof-of-stake validators).

Users stake their yETH to mint st-yETH, accrue yield, and later unstake st-yETH to receive yETH back according to their earnings. Stakers receive all yield and slashings from beacon chain (Ethereum proof-of-stake validators) and earn incentives if they participate and vote in yETH governance.

Author: ```suggestion
Users stake their yETH to mint st-yETH, accrue yield, and later unstake st-yETH to receive yETH back according to their earnings. Stakers receive all yield and slashings from beacon chain (Ethereum proof-of-stake validators) and earn incentives if they participate and vote in yETH governance.
```

> By bundling LSDs together, st-yETH generates the best risk-adjusted yields from ETH staking. The protocol management can constantly readjust pool weights in order to maximize yield, while protecting users from catastrophic scenarios if one of the LSDs implodes.

Reviewer: > By bundling LSDs together, st-yETH generates the best risk-adjusted yields from ETH staking. The protocol management can constantly readjust pool weights in order to maximize yield, while protecting users from catastrophic scenarios if one of the LSDs implodes.

By bundling LSTs together, st-yETH aims to generate the best risk-adjusted yield from ETH staking. Through protocol governance, st-yETH users can readjust pool weights in order to maximize yield, while mitigating  catastrophic scenarios where one or several LSTs in the yETH composition suffer adverse events like de-pegging or security incidents.

Reviewer: Maybe this paragraph should be moved to a `*Why yETH?*` section, where we also include other things such as: 

* act as good collateral
* diversify the ecosystem by moving away from large LST protocols and bundling several smaller LST protocols and having them work together

etc. could be in the very top of the doc

Author: ```suggestion
By bundling LSTs together, st-yETH aims to generate the best risk-adjusted yield from ETH staking. Through protocol governance, st-yETH users can readjust pool weights in order to maximize yield, while mitigating catastrophic scenarios where one or several LSTs in the yETH composition suffer adverse events like de-pegging or security incidents.
```

| Rate Providers              |                                     |

## Management Role

Trusted addresses with privileged access for limited operations. Should eventually be replaced by a smart contract:

- Can start a gradual weight change, as long as no weight change is active yet.
- Can whitelist a new asset, which sets an initial weight, sets the rate provider and requires an initial deposit. New assets can only be whitelisted if no weight change has been scheduled yet.
- Can update the rate provider for every whitelisted asset.
- Can update the staking contract.
- Can set the pool swap fee.
- Can set the tolerance range.
- Can set the new management address.
- Can set the new guardian and whitelister addresses.
- Can trigger [`pause mode`](pause-mode).
- Can trigger [`killed mode`](killed-mode).

#### Pause mode

> This mode is to be enabled in the event of extreme market conditions or suspicious LSD minting behaviour or oracle activity.

- No user may deposit assets into the contract.
- Users may only withdraw assets in a balanced manner.
- Management or guardian can undo pause mode to resume normal operation.

#### Killed mode

> > This mode is to be activated in the event of a LSD depeg, such as a mint bug or a compromised oracle or a critical bug in the protocol.

Reviewer: Or as part of upgrading to a new version of yETH

Author: ```suggestion
> This mode is to be activated in the event of a LSD depeg, such as a mint bug or a compromised oracle or a critical bug in the protocol. This can also be used as part of upgrading to a new version of yETH.
```
